This contains code for building a clickable tooltip


Important Points:

1) The tooltip is positioned on the left
2) The clickable text is placed inside an inline element like a span, with 
   class="click-tooltip__hover-text"
3) The tooltip text is placed inside an inline element like a span, with class="click-tooltip__text"
4) The span containing the tooltip text should then be put inside a container element like a div, 
   with class="click-tooltip"
5) Set the container div to position: relative in order to position the tooltip text
6) The span with class="click-tooltip__text" holds the actual tooltip text. It's hidden by default, but
   becomes visible when the user clicks on it
7) The tooltip is placed to the left (right: 115%) of the clickable text. Note that 
   top: -.8rem is used to place it in the middle of its container element. The value 8 is used 
   because the tooltip text has a top and bottom padding of .8rem.
8) If you change the tooltip padding, also change the top property to have the same value. This 
   ensures that it stays in the middle (if this is something you want). The same applies if you want 
   the tooltip placed to the left. 
8) Use JavaScript to make the tooltip text visible
8) If you want to fade in the tooltip text when the user clicks, use an animation
9) To make the tooltip text fade in even more slowly, INCREASE the duration of the @keyframes
   animation

--- TOOLTIP ARROW START ---

1) To create an arrow that should appear from a specific side of the tooltip, use an ::after
   pseudo-element
2) The tooltip is positioned on the LEFT of the clickable text, with the arrow on the RIGHT
3) The arrow itself is created using borders. This makes the tooltip look like a speech bubble
4) The border-width property specifies the size of the arrow. If you change it, also change the
   margin-top property to have the same value. This will keep the arrow centred
5) The border-color property is used to transform the content into an arrow. To create a right-
   facing arrow, set the left border to black, and the rest to transparent. If all sides are black,
   you'll end up with a black square box!