This contains code for building a responsive top navigation bar


Important Points:

1) The navigation bar itself should be a Flex container
2) Apply the overflow: hidden rule to the navigation bar. This prevents whitespace from appearing 
   on the right on smaller screens
2) The height of the navigation bar is determined by the height of the highest Flex item
3) In this case, the dropdown button top & bottom padding controls the navigation bar height
4) The dropdown contents MUST be set to position: absolute. This positions the dropdown outside the 
   navigation bar when the user hovers over it
4) Give the search bar input some more left padding to prevent text from overlapping icon
5) The height of the search bar is determined by the top- and bottom padding applied to the input 
   element. Apply the align-self: stretch rule to the button, so it occupies the full height of 
   the search bar
6) On smaller screens, set the position property of the dropdown contents to its initial/default 
   value. This prevents the dropdown from overllaping the search bar
7) The hamburger/toggle menu should only be visible on tablet & mobile devices
8) Use media queries to style the navigation for small screens, then set the containing div for 
   links, dropdown & search bar to display: none at the breakpoint where the hamburger icon 
   becomes visible
9) JavaScript is used to make list items visible on small screens when the user clicks on the 
   hamburger icon
10) Putting the links, dropdown & search bar in a <ul></ul> tag makes it much easier to build a 
   small-screen version.If you want to have a dropdown in your navigation bar, use this 
   approach. But you're free to get rid of the dropdown or search bar 
   if you want
11) For your OWN projects, you can remove the dropdown, search bar, search bar button or search bar
    close icon (x) if you need to. However, the links and logo must always be there!
12) Modify the navigation bar to suit your needs, then REMOVE all media queries and write your own
13) To see what this navigation bar looks like on desktop & mobile, look at the photos in 
   'previews' under the 'images' folder 
14) For the icons, you need a 'magnifying glass' icon for the search bar and a 'bars' icon for the hamburger menu.
    However, you can also build the hamburger menu icon using divs as demonstrated here. 
    Use SVG always!