This contains code for building a tooltip


Important Points:

1) The tooltip is positioned on the right
2) The hoverable text is placed inside an inline element like a span, with 
   class="tooltip__hover-text"
3) This span should be given a fixed width. However, it's best to set its width to auto so that its
   size is determined by its text content
4) The tooltip text is placed inside an inline element like a span, with class="tooltip__text"
5) This span should also be given a fixed width (eg. 12rem) to set the size of the tooltip contents
6) The span containing the tooltip text and the one containing the hoverable text should then be 
   put inside a container element like a div, with class="tooltip"
7) Set the container div to position: relative in order to position the tooltip text
8) The span with class="tooltip__text" holds the actual tooltip text. It's hidden by default, but
   becomes visible when the user hovers over it
9) The tooltip is placed to the right (left: 110%) of the hoverable text. Note that 
   top: -.5rem is used to place it in the middle of its container element. The value 5 is used 
   because the tooltip text has a top and bottom padding of .5rem. 
10) If you change the tooltip padding, also change the top property to have the same value. This 
    ensures that it stays in the middle (if this is something you want). The same applies if you want 
    the tooltip placed to the left.
11) If you want to fade in the tooltip text when it's about to become visible, INCREASE the time
    over which the transition takes place (eg 1s). Otherwise, just leave it at .3s
12) To make it stand out, you might want to give the tooltip contents some shadow
13) For this, you could use the box-shadow property. However, it doesn't work on the pseudo-element
    used to create the arrow
14) Therefore, you should always apply shadow using the filter property's drop-shadow() function 
    instead


--- TOOLTIP ARROW START ---

1) To create an arrow that should appear from a specific side of the tooltip, use an ::after
   pseudo-element
2) The tooltip is positioned on the RIGHT of the hoverable text, with the arrow on LEFT
3) The arrow itself is created using borders. This makes the tooltip look like a speech bubble
4) The border-width property specifies the size of the arrow. If you change it, also change the
   margin-top property to have the same value. This will keep the arrow centred
5) The border-color property is used to transform the content into an arrow. To create a left-
   facing arrow, set the right border to black, and the rest to transparent. If all sides are black,
   you'll end up with a black square box!

--- TOOLTIP ARROW END ---