This contains code for building a mobile navigation menu


Important Points:

1) This code should only be used on small-screen devices
2) This navigation bar consist of two parts. The first part should be a Flex container
3) Apply the overflow: hidden rule to the first. This prevents whitespace from appearing 
   on the right on smaller screens
4) Use top and bottom padding to increase height of the first part, if necessary
3) The mobile navbar has been wrapped in a div with class 'mobile-container'. This is just to 
   simulate the width of a mobile device. Do not use it when building a website
4) Apply the overflow: hidden rule to the navigation bar. This prevents whitespace from appearing 
   on the right on smaller screens
5) The hamburger/toggle menu should only be visible on tablet & mobile devices
6) All the menu links should be put inside a parent div (.mobilenav__link-box)
7) Set menu links to display: block to allow them occupy full width of parent
8) Use left padding to create space between menu links & left side of viewport
9) Underneath the menu links, there should be a div (.mobilenav__dropdown-box) containing 
   the dropdowns
10) Here, there are only two dropdowns. But for your own projects, you might need more than two, 
    or even just a single dropdown
11) It has to be modified accordingly for the top navbar it's going to be part of


--- SEARCH BAR STRUCTURE START ---

1) The form (.mobilenav__search-bar) is the overall wrapper whose width is set relative to its parent
2) The form itself is also a grid container with three child elements
3) The first child is a div of class .mobilenav__search-bar-search-input-box
4) The div of class .mobilenav__search-bar-search-input-box contains the input, the search icon and 
   clear icon
5) The second child is a div of class .mobilenav__search-bar-search-dropdown-content
6) The div of class .mobilenav__search-bar-search-dropdown-content contains the dropdown contents or more
   specifically, the actual search results
7) NOTE: There's also an equivalent dropdown which is displayed if there are no results
8) The third child is the button (.mobilenav__search-bar-search-button). This is optional and can be 
   removed if it's not needed
9) Yes, it's perfectly fine to have a search box without a button!
10) However, in that case, you should also change the grid structure accordingly
11) The grid structure consists of two rows and two columns
12) The second column holds the button, so it's best to just set it to max-content
13) Setting it to max-content means that the column will take up the exact width of the button
14) The children should be positioned on the grid by naming the grid cells
15) This is a highly effective way of positioning items on a small grid
16) NOTE: It's really important that you don't set the width of any of the children, as they're all
    grid items and should occupy the grid cell they've been assigned to
17) Sometimes, you might want the search bar to expand slightly when the user focuses on it
18) This is totally optional, but there's no way of doing it directly in CSS that I'm aware of.
    So, you need to use JavaScript to add this functionality
19) To make the seach bar expand, there's no need to touch the grid structure at all
20) Instead, just change the width of the form (.mobilenav__search-bar)
21) However, just changing the width would usually be a bit jerky and feel a bit unnatural
22) So, to make it smooth, use the transition property to animate the change in width
23) In addition, since the dropdown is also a grid item, its width will also change in proportion
    to everything else
24) Since .mobilenav__search-bar-search-input-box is a grid item, it will take the full height of its
    grid cell by default
24) The button (.mobilenav__search-bar-search-button) also does the same thing
25) So, for the input (.mobilenav__search-bar-search-input) and button to have the same visual height, you must 
    give .search-bar__search-input-box the SAME background colour as the input!
26) This is really, really important because otherwise, the input will appear smaller than the button,
    which just looks a bit odd
27) As a side note, if you change the width of the form, you may need to adjust the position of the 
    search bar close icon (.mobilenav__search-bar-search-clear-input) 
28) The search bar close icon is absolutely positioned relative to .mobilenav__search-bar-search-input-box

--- SEARCH BAR STRUCTURE END ---


--- FINAL POINTS ---

1) For your OWN projects, you can remove the dropdown, search bar, search bar button or search bar
   close icon (x) if you need to. However, the links and logo must always be there!
2) Feel free to modify this mobile navigation bar to suit your needs
3) To see what this mobile navigation bar looks like, look at the photos in 
   'previews' under the 'images' folder 
4) For the icons, you need a magnifying glass, arrow (down) & bars. 
5) You can also build the hamburger menu icon using divs as demonstrated here. However, it's more 
   difficult to change the sizing later on. So, for the hamburger icon, try to stick with SVGs!
6) However, if you want more precise control over the size of the hamburger icon, then build it 
   using divs. It only requires a bit more effort on your part