This contains code for building a tooltip containing details about a specific course


Important Points:

1) Tooltips containing information about a specific products should be positioned either on the left 
   or right
2) This tooltip is positioned on the left
2) The product image and/or description is placed inside a div, with class="course-tooltip__hover-content"
3) This div should be given a fixed width (eg. 30rem) to set the size of the product image
4) The child of this div should be a link (.course-tooltip__hover-content-link) which allows the user
   to navigate to the product page
5) For the :link and :visited pseudo-classes, you should use the color property to define what the
   text colour should be
6) IMPORTANT: It's really important that the text colour shouldn't change when the user clicks on the 
   product to find out more about it!
7) The tooltip contents is placed inside another div, with class="course-tooltip__content"


8) The div containing the product image, and the div containing the tooltip contents should then be 
   put inside a container element like a div, with class="product-tooltip"
9) Set the container div to position: relative in order to position the tooltip contents
10) The div with class="product-tooltip__content" holds the actual tooltip contents. It's hidden by 
    default, but becomes visible when the user hovers over it
11) The div with class="product-tooltip__content" should also be absolutely positioned relative to
    it parent (.product-tooltip)
11) The div with class="product-tooltip__content" should also be given a fixed width (eg. 35rem) to 
    set the size of the tooltip contents
12) To make it stand out, you might want to give the tooltip contents some shadow
13) For this, you could use the box-shadow property. However, it doesn't work on the pseudo-element
    used to create the arrow
14) Therefore, you should always apply shadow using the filter property's drop-shadow() function 
    instead

--- TOOLTIP ARROW START ---

1) The tooltip is placed on the left (right: 115%) of the product image.
2) To create an arrow that should appear from a specific side of the tooltip, use an ::after
   pseudo-element
3) The tooltip is positioned on the LEFT of the product image, with the arrow on RIGHT
4) The arrow itself is created using borders. This makes the tooltip look like a speech bubble
5) The border-width property specifies the size of the arrow. If you change it, also change the
   margin-top property to have the same value. This will keep the arrow centred
6) The border-color property is used to transform the content into an arrow. To create a right-
   facing arrow, set the left border to black, and the rest to transparent. If all sides are black,
   you'll end up with a black square box!

-- TOOLTIP ARROW END ---