This contains code for building a tooltip


Important Points:

1) The tooltip is positioned at the top
2) The hoverable text is placed inside an inline element like a span, with 
   class="tooltip__hover-text"
3) This span should be given a fixed width. However, it's best to set its width to auto so that its
   size is determined by its text content
4) The tooltip text is placed inside an inline element like a span, with class="tooltip__text"
5) This span should also be given a fixed width (eg. 12rem) to set the size of the tooltip contents
6) The span containing the tooltip text and the one containing the hoverable text should then be 
   put inside a container element like a div, with class="tooltip"
7) Set the container div to position: relative in order to position the tooltip text
8) The span with class="tooltip__text" holds the actual tooltip text. It's hidden by default, but
   becomes visible when the user hovers over it
9) Give the tooltip text a negative left margin equal to half of its own width. This serves to centre 
   the tooltip above the hoverable text
10) If you want to fade in the tooltip text when it's about to become visible, INCREASE the time
    over which the transition takes place (eg 1s)
11) To make it stand out, you might want to give the tooltip contents some shadow
12) For this, you could use the box-shadow property. However, it doesn't work on the pseudo-element
    used to create the arrow
13) Therefore, you should always apply shadow using the filter property's drop-shadow() function 
    instead

--- TOOLTIP ARROW START ---

1) To create an arrow that should appear from a specific side of the tooltip, use an ::after
   pseudo-element
2) The tooltip is positioned at the TOP of the hoverable text, with the arrow at the BOTTOM
3) The arrow itself is created using borders. This makes the tooltip look like a speech bubble
4) The border-width property specifies the size of the arrow. If you change it, also change the
   margin-left property to have the same value, but negative. This will keep the arrow centred
5) The border-color property is used to transform the content into an arrow. To create a bottom-
   facing arrow, set the top border to black, and the rest to transparent. If all sides are black,
   you'll end up with a black square box!