This contains code for building a course tooltip


Important Points:

1) Course tooltips contain information about a specific course, and should be positioned either on 
   the left or right
2) However, this tooltip can be positioned on either the left or right
3) This enables it to be used in a carousel, where the tooltip may need to appear on either side
   in different situations
3) The product image and/or description is placed inside a div, with class="course-tooltip__hover-content"
4) This div should be given a fixed width (eg. 30rem) to set the size of the product image
5) The child of this div should be a link (.course-tooltip__hover-content-link) which allows the user
   to navigate to the product page
6) For the :link and :visited pseudo-classes, you should use the color property to define what the
   text colour should be
7) IMPORTANT: It's really important that the text colour shouldn't change when the user clicks on the 
   product to find out more about it!
8) The tooltip contents is placed inside another div, either with class="course-tooltip__content-left"
   or class="course-tooltip__content-right"
9) The div containing the product image, and the div containing the tooltip contents should then be 
   put inside a container element like a div, with class="course-tooltip"
10) Set the container div to position: relative in order to position the tooltip contents
11) The divs with class="course-tooltip__content-left" and class="course-tooltip__content-right" hold 
    the actual tooltip contents. They're hidden by default, but becomes visible when the user hovers 
    over them
12) These divs should be absolutely positioned relative to their parent (.course-tooltip)
13) The divs should also be given a fixed width (eg. 35rem) to set the size of the tooltip contents
14) To make it stand out, you might want to give the tooltip contents some shadow
15) For this, you could use the box-shadow property. However, it doesn't work on the pseudo-element
    used to create the arrow
16) Therefore, you should always apply shadow using the filter property's drop-shadow() function 
    instead


--- TOOLTIP ARROW START ---

1) The tooltip is placed on the left (right: 115%) of the product image.
2) To create an arrow that should appear from a specific side of the tooltip, use an ::after
   pseudo-element
3) The tooltip is positioned on the LEFT of the product image, with the arrow on RIGHT
4) The arrow itself is created using borders. This makes the tooltip look like a speech bubble
5) The border-width property specifies the size of the arrow. If you change it, also change the
   margin-top property to have the same value. This will keep the arrow centred
6) The border-color property is used to transform the content into an arrow. To create a right-
   facing arrow, set the left border to black, and the rest to transparent. If all sides are black,
   you'll end up with a black square box!

--- TOOLTIP ARROW END ---