This contains code for building a clickable dropdown with a top arrow


Important Points:

1) The dropdown should be put inside a div which is set to display: inline-block. This is required to
   make sure the dropdown only occupies as much space as it actually needs
2) You can use any "trigger" element to open the dropdown (eg. <button>, <a> or <p> element)
3) The dropdown menu is displayed by JavaScript when the user clicks on the button
4) Apply Flexbox to the button to vertically centre dropdown icon & text


--- STYLING DROPDOWN START ---

1) The width of the dropdown is controlled by its content
2) However, the dropdown width is restricted by the min-width property
3) This ensures that the dropdown width never goes below the minimum limit
4) The min-width of the dropdown menu has been set to 22rem. Feel free to change this if necessary
5) The dropdown menu should be absolutely positioned relative to the dropdown itself
6) For this, the top coordinate property should be set to 103%
7) This positions the dropdown beneath the button with a tiny little gap
8) Use a container element (.dropdown__content) to create the dropdown menu and put the dropdown 
   links (.dropdown__link) inside it  
9) The dropdown links should be kept within their own container element (eg. dropdown__content-box-3)
10) These container elements should then be kept within .dropdown__content


7) The dropdown menu should also be given a slight border to make it look more defined. For best 
   results, the border colour should be similar to the dropdown menu background colour
8) To create a "card" effect on dropdown menu, you might want to give the dropdown contents some 
   shadow
9) For this, you could use the box-shadow property. However, it doesn't work on the pseudo-element
   used to create the arrow
10) At the moment, I'm not sure how to apply shadow to the pseudo-element used to create the arrow
11) So, until I figure it out, I won't be putting an arrow on the dropdown. I've simply commented out
    the code for now

--- STYLING DROPDOWN END ---


--- ARROW START ---

1) To create the arrow on top of the dropdown, use the ::after pseudo-element together with the 
   content property
2) Use absolute positioning to position the ::after pseudo-element relative to the dropdown content
3) The arrow itself is created using borders
4) The border-width property specifies the size of the arrow. If you change this, then you MUST
   also change the margin-left property value to be the same. This will keep the arrow centred
5) The border-color property is used to transform the content into an arrow. Set the bottom border
   to have the same colour as the background colour used for the dropdown content. This makes the
   arrow look like it's part of the dropdown!
6) Use the left coordinate property to change horizontal position of arrow, if necessary

--- ARROW END ---


--- FINAL POINTS ---

1) For the icons, you need an arrow down, cog & logout
2) Feel free to modify this hover dropdown to suit your needs